README health check update (#60)
Shopify/oxygenctl-action: README.md

- `oxygen_deployment_token`: The Oxygen deployment token issued by Shopify. This is a required input.
- `oxygen_worker_dir`: The name of the directory containing the worker file. Defaults to `dist/worker`.
- `oxygen_client_dir`: The name of the directory with compiled asset files to be uploaded to the CDN. Defaults to `dist/client`.

> - `oxygen_health_check`: Determines whether to ensure the preview url is accessible on Oxygen before marking the workflow as successful. This does **not** mean the deployment wasn't successful, but that the page may not be loading properly. The deployment status in the Hydrogen Storefronts channel will reflect the status of the deployment, not the health of the deployment. Accepts `true` or `false`. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `oxygen_health_check`: Determines whether to ensure the preview URL is routable on Oxygen before marking the workflow as successful. A successful health check does **not** mean the application is accessible; it may be failing due to errors in the storefront's application code. The deployment status in the Hydrogen Storefronts channel will reflect the status of the deployment, not the health of the deployment. Accepts `true` or `false`. Defaults to `true`.
```

Author: Oh this popup up right after I hit the merge button 😢. I like the suggestion, will update 😄

Author: Though the problem I'm trying to highlight is more that a failed health check does not mean there is necessarily an issue with the deployment. The health check does account for some problems with the storefront application code (ie: a 500), but only on the root path.
